User Interface Design Guidelines:
In the first view, the screen has a logo and office name on the top. Bellow is a menu bar 
	[Home]  [Make Appointment]  [Setting]

[Home] Is used to go to main view.
	This page has three sections:
	1. Name of the office, address, contact
	2. Introduce list of technician, doctors, physicians. Click to each item will display more information about it.
	3. Introduce list of services (provided by the office), click to them will display more info

[Make Appointment] : go to make-app-view
	This view will have sequence of steps separate by different views.On the top of screen, there are a 4 steps and will be enable once client has finished that step so he can go back.
	
	[view 1]:display the list of doctors for client to choose, press NEXT
	[view 2]: display list of service for client to pick
	[view 3]: display the list of week days with time slot for client to pick.
	[view 4]:Depend on the duration of the sevice client chose in view 2, and doctor available chose in view 1, this view will display all available slot for client to pick. It is in a form of like a chess table that client can pick only 1 cell. Any cell (slot time) not availabe must be in gray. Available in green. Slot is pick turn into blue.
	[view 5] This screen has two zone :
		div-1 : Show info about the service was picked, name of doctor, appoinment hour (date, time)
		div-2 : text box for client to type his name, email, phone #, and button "Make Appointment Now"
	[view 6]: display the appoinmet is confirmed to the office. Thank you client for their business and notice that another copy will be send to client email, and phone#. At this point session is done and if client click back to any other previos step, it will be consider a new session.
	
[Setting]
	This function is for manager or admin to set a lot of information in the back end. To do that, fist, the admin must log in.
	
	View 1: back end log in screen. One box with log in name, login password and log in button.
	View 2: after log in,
	
	Case 1: log in id is a manager. Manager can :
		see the time line of all doctos in the office or for a particular one doctor
		add,remove, modify services
		add,remove, modify provider (doctor) and associate doctors to services he can provide
		see client's list (anyone who have been make appointments)
		add remove clients 
		see some statistic report on appointment service (think about it later)
		send short message or propotion to clients
		
		Change office information : addr, phone, name, description, color-theme (if need)
		change openning hour, day off.
		Send notice for client for cancel, posponde appointment.
		
	
	Case 2: log in id is doctor/physician
		The setting for doctor is less information than for manager. Information that a doctor need his:
		
		- a date picker and schedule detail for a week. This display show him how a times slot for all weeks is fill up.
	
	
	
	
